My name is george ifs.
When mindy i was born in the very center of vietnam
nineteen thirty seven,
his young men i taught french in a catholic school.
Hey was also in charge ofthe producing the yearbook
from nineteen sixty seven to nineteen seventy five.
I had my old printing shop.
I work for you and pee pee and shit.
His translator for two classes,
teaching people more friends use ofthe printing.
I would take portrayal of vietnamese movie stars and singing and making
them into calendars.
I met my lovely wife party.
I remember taking some photo,
perhaps off her,
and invite her to my studio.
We marry it in our first charm was born in a time of war
between not inside.
After the big even form down off nationalist regime or the
south.
It was really hard to get the money for the family.
I knew i could not leave under cos regime.
I escape alone from a country in my nineteen ninety two in
the various,
more bored.
Five days and fine eyes on see with many troubles.
Engine breakdown.
Big storm pirates in time took off with all our things,
but we were very lucky they didn't cure us.
Thirty three people on board at last war saved by german are tangled
in the indie music scene.
Tell me eleven minutes in garland for official came in indonesian.
I arrived in australia in august nineteen nineteen with no money,
and i was worried for the live off my family at home.
After working hard,
i eventually had enough money and i opened my old printing shop.
I would send money home to my family.
At that time,
i walked his volunteer for the vietnamese catholic community in sydney.
After seven years and ten mins,
i was reunited with my family.
No,
i have two grandchildren.
I am retired now,
but i still work for our vietnamese catholic committee.
He is a speaker,
an editor for tv a b radio.
Over many years i have taken photograph and make movies
off our community.
I'm so,
so happy to leave in australia.